Dr Scripto is dancing a jig and looking very unhappy. He's dancing because he's received a big increase in his budget. He's unhappy because he's been told he has to spend at least some of it modernising the server estate of the company his organization has just acquired. 

That organization was so badly run that the IT staff don't really know what they are managing. If Mrs Scripto wasn't listening Dr. Scripto would be using rude words.

Dr Scripto has decided that you need an opportunity to learn more about using PowerShell and he has just the job for you. You need to create a mechanism to determine the servers that exist in this new part of the organization. Your first task to create a method of scanning an IP address range – it could be a full Class C address or a smaller subnet. The subnet will be provided to you in the form 10.10.10.0/24. Dr Scripto needs to know if there is a machine associated with the IP address and its operating system, and service pack. The results – positive and negative – need to be recorded for future use – preferably in a CSV file or other readable format. It is important that unused IP addresses are recorded

Once the initial scan is produced Dr Scripto want to be able to investigate specific machines or groups of machines. Those investigations should return, one or more, the following sets of data: 
    *   Hardware information including manufacturer, model, CPU, RAM and disk sizes (only local disks are required). 
    *   The date of the last hotfix applied to the machine and last reboot time.
    *   If any of the following are installed:
        *   IIS
        *   SQL Server 
        *   Exchange
        *   ShareP*int
    *   Installed Windows components
The set of data to be returned should be selectable. The data needs to be saved for future analysis.

All file names should include the date of production and be descriptive of their contents.

Assume that you have permissions to access all of the machines on the network and that all required firewall ports are open. If you can test your preferred access mechanism and retrieve the required data in another way Dr Scripto will be pleased.

As a final requirement DR Scripto would like to be able to take a file of data and produce a report – including graphical representation of the data where possible. If those graphs could be imported in PowerPoint Dr Scripto would be extremely grateful.

Your code should be production ready with:

*   Ability to optionally report on progress
*   Full error checking, reporting and handling
*   Ability to accept pipeline input where appropriate
*   Help is available
*   Input is validated

The code should be portable so that it can be reused if similar situations occur in the future or the inventory needs to be repeated for auditing or other purposes. The investigative code should be asdf

